Sallis give yourselves up why okay
Hancock's latest act of so-called
heroics has once again enraged city
officials I can snow that liquor on your
breath you're drinkin jackass
call me a jackass one more time check
about you thickness goggles I knew not
okay I do public relations people don't
like you Hancock but I look like I care
what people think right now is a DA
trying to figure out how to come up here
and put you in jail I say you go mm-hmm
he's not gonna go people take you for
granted you know we got to make people
miss you you don't move your head on up
his tail watch day five in crime he's
still on the ride you got a phone call
it's the Chief of Police says he needs
your help you gotta calm your hero
Hancock you're gonna be miserable the
rest of your life until you accept that
life here can be difficult for me after
all I'm the only one of my kind you
deserve better from me I will be better
I'm wearing that what it's a little
tight I need you to end this to touch
your body woman
you're a different day
knock it down he looks hurt that's it
take a look hard